capital = 328

oob = "MAN_1936"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	basic_train = 1
	
}

set_research_slots = 5

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger" }
	set_country_flag = MAN_northern_bandits
	set_country_flag = MAN_eastern_bandits
	set_country_flag = MAN_western_bandits
	add_ideas = MAN_puyi
	add_ideas = MAN_banditry
	add_ideas = MAN_kwantung_veto
	add_ideas = MAN_low_legitimacy_5
	add_ideas = MAN_opium_plantations
	add_ideas = MAN_yamato-damashii
}

set_convoys = 25
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 80
	neutrality = 20
}

recruit_character = MAN_zhang_jinghui
recruit_character = MAN_zhang_haipeng
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_xiqia
recruit_character = MAN_yoshiko_kawashima
recruit_character = MAN_tong_xingde
recruit_character = MAN_sonin_shangzhi
recruit_character = MAN_megata_toshiro
recruit_character = MAN_nalan_kang_an
recruit_character = MAN_songgotu_zhanshan
recruit_character = MAN_nobusuke_kishi
recruit_character = MAN_yoshisuke_ayukawa
recruit_character = MAN_guan_xingde
recruit_character = MAN_nakajima_kesago
recruit_character = MAN_yin_zuoqian
recruit_character = MAN_yonimitsu_kasahara
recruit_character = MAN_kyoiji_tomonaga
recruit_character = MAN_hesehn_tiemei
recruit_character = MAN_hung_zhehuang
recruit_character = MAN_xian_yuan
recruit_character = MAN_deng_linge

1939.1.1 = {
}